Looking at our Summary statistics table, we can see that Capomulin and Ramicane had the lowest mean 
tumor size/volume and additionally also had comparatively low variance and standard deviations. In short, this means 
that these two medications were the most effective in reducing tumor size and were also able to do so consistently as demonstrated 
by the low variance and standard deviaton. This is good news for our company Pymaceuticals Inc. as our drug of interest, Capomulin was one 
of the top two drugs in terms of overall performance in tumor size reduction and consistent effectiveness at reducing tumor size.
I feel there may be a slight bias in this data because when looking at our bar plots to compare the frequency of which drugs were 
used in the drug regimens for a mouse, there is a significantly higher number of both Capomulin and Ramicane. Our gender 
distribution doesn't tell us anything particularly interesting, just that there is a pretty equal distribution of male and female mice used 
in our study. Looking at our box plots we can see that Infubinol was the only medicine with any outliers, but more importantly, 
we see that Capomulin and Ramicane both had significantly lower final tumor volumes which corroborates our first observation that 
those two medicines were most effective at reducing tumor size. Looking at our line plot for the tumor size of a mouse 
treated with Capomulin, we can observe that the medicine seems to have an impact on reducing tumor size after 20 days of use, 
with an increase in effictivity after 30 days of use. However, it is important to note, that there is an uptick in tumor
size at around 35 days which should be noted when determining how long to perscribe it for should it be approved for humans. 
Lastly, there is a positive correlation between the tumor volume and weight of the mouse, the larger the tumor size, the larger the mouse. 
This can simply be explained by considering that the larger the tumor, the more it weighs, hence the overall weight of the mouse with a larger tumor would be more. 
